Add 4C logo (#1)
4C-multiphysics/4C-design: README.md

<div align="center">
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="4C-logo/negative-white/4C-logo-block_negative.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="4C-logo/standard-color/4C-logo-block_rgb.svg">
  <img alt="4C logo" src="4C-logo/standard-color/4C-logo-block_rgb.svg" width="300">
</picture>
</div>

> <div align="center">
> 
> # Corporate Design
> 
> Logos for the [4C project](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C)
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Corporate Design

This repository contains all logos and graphical elements of the [4C project](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C) and provides guidance on how to use them.
```

... and then we need to provide such guidance, of course.

Author: The guidance is included in the overview pdf. I will adapt this in a next step.

Author: @mayrmt Please check whether the overview pdf is enough guidance in your eyes.

# Colors
The blue in the logo has the hex code `#1d71b8` or `rgba(29, 113, 184, 1)`.

# License

> All the images in this project are under [CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the images in this project are licensed under [CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).
```

Author: adapted. Thanks

> This project contains the corporate design files for 4C. See [LICENSE](LICENSE).

Reviewer: The first sentence in this line is not related to licensing. It is rather a general description of the content of this repository and, thus, should be moved to the top of the README.

Author: Shifted around the sentences.

<div align="center">

> [![4C-website](by-sa.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

Reviewer: What's the purpose of this link? The link to the license is already given above in the text. I'd remove this line entirely.

Author: It contains the license logo (not yet properly, I know). QUEENS does something very similar: https://github.com/queens-py/queens-design?tab=readme-ov-file#license
Not sure whether we need this, too?!

Reviewer: If we like the graphical element, then we can add it, though we do not need it.

Author: removed it

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

</div>

```

# Acknowledgment

> A big thank you to Bianca Seth, our graphic designer at Hereon, for designing our logo!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A big thank you to Bianca Seth, a graphic designer at Hereon, for designing our logo!
```

Hereon != 4C

Reviewer 3: Bikeshedding:

```suggestion
Thank you to Bianca Seth (Hereon) for designing the logo!
```

Feels more appropriate for a public repo but no strong opinion.

Author: Sounds good. Thank you.

> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<div align="center">
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="4C-logo/negative-white/4C-logo-block_negative.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="4C-logo/standard-color/4C-logo-block_rgb.svg">
  <img alt="4C logo" src="4C-logo/standard-color/4C-logo-block_rgb.svg" width="300">
</picture>
</div>

# Corporate Design

This project contains all logos and graphical elements of the [4C project](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C) and provides guidance on how to use them.

# Recommended usage

- The 4C logo is available in block, landscape, and mini formats. The mini format is recommended for spaces less than 60 mm horizontally.
- The standard color version is ideal for presentations, webpages, and general use. 
- For high quality printing, please use the eps version.
- If the background is very dark (e.g., in dark mode in a browser), the negative white version with a transparent background may be a suitable choice.

> - The black-and-white version is generally not recommended, but it may be useful in specific cases.

Reviewer 3: Which ones? If the colors clash badly with other design?

Author: Sorry, this is unclear to me. 
The "Which ones?" refers to what?

If colors clash you may consider to change the other design colors ;-) 
Mhh, hard to say. If the background is colored, I personally would likely tend to the negative version (purely white). If background is white maybe the b/w version is an option. 
I am unsure whether to include such a case in the listing?!

Author: @sebproell ping
Thank you.

> A complete overview of the versions is given [here](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C-design/4C-logo/4C-logo_overview_and-recommendations.pdf)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A complete usage guideline is given [here](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C-design/4C-logo/4C-logo_overview_and-recommendations.pdf)
```

Author: merged both versions

> A complete overview of the versions and usage guideline is given [here](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C-design/4C-logo/4C-logo_overview_and-recommendations.pdf).

Reviewer: "Variant" might be a suitable replacement, since it does not carry the double-meaning of "version control". Just a thought, no pressing need to change it.
```suggestion
A complete overview of the variants and usage guideline is given [here](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C-design/4C-logo/4C-logo_overview_and-recommendations.pdf).
```

Author: okay. Thanks.

<div align="center">
<picture>
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="4C-logo/negative-white/4C-logo-block_negative.svg">
  <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="4C-logo/standard-color/4C-logo-block_rgb.svg">

>   <img alt="4C logo" src="4C-logo/standard-color/4C-logo-block_rgb.svg" width="300">

Reviewer: Landscape might better fit onto a screen:
```suggestion
  <img alt="4C logo" src="4C-logo/standard-color/4C-logo-landscape_rgb.svg" width="300">
```

Author: I changed to landscape. Let's see how it looks like.

</picture>
</div>

# Corporate Design

This project contains all logos and graphical elements of the [4C project](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C) and provides guidance on how to use them.

# Guidelines for using the 4C logo

- The 4C logo is available in block, landscape, and mini formats. The mini format is recommended for spaces less than 60 mm horizontally.
- The standard color version is ideal for presentations, webpages, and general use. 
- For high quality printing, please use the eps version.
- If the background is very dark (e.g., in dark mode in a browser), the negative white version with a transparent background may be a suitable choice.
- The black-and-white version is generally not recommended, but it may be useful in specific cases.

A complete overview of the variants and usage guideline is given [here](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C-design/4C-logo/4C-logo_overview-and-recommendations.pdf).

# Colors

> The blue in the 4C logo has the hex code `#1d71b8` or `rgba(29, 113, 184, 1)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The blue color in the 4C logo has the hex code `#1d71b8` or `rgba(29, 113, 184, 1)`.
```

Author: okay

# Acknowledgment

Thank you to Bianca Seth (Hereon) for designing the logo!

> # Approved uses of the 4C multiphysics logo

Reviewer: To be consistent with other headings in this file:
```suggestion
# Approved use cases of the 4C logo
```

Author: Sure

You are welcome to use the the 4C logos from this repository as they are for the following purposes:
- Use the 4C multiphysics logo if your results were generated with the help of the [4C project](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C).
- Include the 4C multiphysics logo in blog posts or news articles related to the [4C project](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C).
- Add the 4C multiphysics logo on your webpage or social media to indicate your usage of the [4C project](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C).

> 

Reviewer: Should we also indicate non-approved use cases, in particular that the 4C logo may not be used as an endorsement.

Author: Not sure. I prefer to keep it short and the less bullet points we have, the less discussion I would expect (and hopefully, the more clear it is). Furthermore, I prefer to pronounce the positive/good aspects. But no strong opinion.

Reviewer: I also want to keep this short. If there are use cases, that we do not want, then we have to mention that. At the moment, we allow certain use cases explicitly, but we never state that others are not allowed.

Author: Other cases (see "not covered above") are only allowed if we approve them. Hence, via default other use cases are not allowed (at least due to my understanding).
 
"If you plan to use the 4C logo in a way not covered above, please [contact us](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C/discussions/356) to discuss your request and obtain approval."

Reviewer: Ok.

Thank you to Bianca Seth (Hereon) for designing the logo!

# Approved uses of the 4C multiphysics logo

> You are welcome to use the the images in this project as they are for the following purposes:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You are welcome to use the the 4C logos as they are for the following purposes:
```

Author: added additionally "from this repository" to make it more clear. Necessary?!

> - Display the 4C multiphysics logo if your results were generated with the help of the [4C project](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the 4C multiphysics logo if your results were generated with the help of the [4C project](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C).
```

Author: Okay.

- Include the 4C multiphysics logo in blog posts or new articles related to the [4C project](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C).

> - Use the 4C multiphysics logo on your webpage or social media to indicate your involvement in the development of the [4C project](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C).

Reviewer 2: I think we can allow a broader use-case here:
```suggestion
- Use the 4C multiphysics logo on your webpage or social media to indicate your usage of the [4C project](https://github.com/4C-multiphysics/4C).
```

Author: I slightly rephrased due to "Use... usage...". Please check.

Reviewer 2: I don't like `Apply...`. Maybe `Add`?
